CPC-Palmer

The README is used to introduce the module and provide instructions on
how to install the module, any machine dependencies it may have (for
example C compilers and installed libraries) and any other information
that should be provided before the module is installed.

A README file is required for CPAN modules since CPAN extracts the README
file from a module distribution so that people browsing the archive
can use it to get an idea of the module's uses. It is usually a good idea
to provide version information here so that people can decide whether
fixes for the module are worth downloading.


INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install

SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the
perldoc command.

    perldoc CPC::Palmer

You can also look for information at:

    RT, CPAN's request tracker (report bugs here)
        https://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=CPC-Palmer

    CPAN Ratings
        https://cpanratings.perl.org/d/CPC-Palmer

    Search CPAN
        https://metacpan.org/release/CPC-Palmer


LICENSE

Author: Adam Allgood

As a work of the United States Government, this project is in the
public domain within the United States.

Additionally, we waive copyright and related rights in the work
worldwide through the CC0 1.0 Universal public domain dedication.

CC0 1.0 Universal Summary: https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode

The person who associated a work with this deed has dedicated the work to
the public domain by waiving all of his or her rights to the work worldwide
under copyright law, including all related and neighboring rights, to the
extent allowed by law.

You can copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for commercial
purposes, all without asking permission.

Other Information:

In no way are the patent or trademark rights of any person affected by CC0,
nor are the rights that other persons may have in the work or in how the
work is used, such as publicity or privacy rights.

Unless expressly stated otherwise, the person who associated a work with
this deed makes no warranties about the work, and disclaims liability for
all uses of the work, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
When using or citing the work, you should not imply endorsement by the
author or the affirmer.
